# Menu Management Front End

Hi, and thanks for reviewing my code! If you're reading this, then you are probably from the company for which this code challenge was completed. Here you will find level 1 of the challenge as the main branch, and levels 2 and 3 are contained in pull requests. 

I had a really great time completing this challenge. I haven't used React in over a year, and it felt good to come back and work the rust off. I have been an Angular developer for almost a year and a half, so coming back to React was a bit of an adjustment. 

You will undoubtedly find issues with my code. I know of a few that I didn't have the time to go back and fix, or were already committed to a final PR and I didn't feel right in going back and fixing them after the fact. Small oversights, like not including an `imgAlt` property on new menu items, or styling not looking *quite* right in Firefox, might stand out. 

However, the biggest issue, and the one I think needs explaining as to not look *too* wrong, is that I used Cypress for doing unit tests. I'm still a little new to testing, and I got it stuck in my head that I needed to use Cypress to perform tests for this app (I believe I was told by a friend that works for your company that you use Cypress - though I'm sure now that's not the only testing library you use!). I wanted to use React and Cypress to 1. show you I'm a capable React developer and could learn a new library quickly and 2. challenge myself to become reacquainted with React quickly and apply my existing knowledge of unit testing to a new library. In hindsight I should have used Angular and Jasmine, as I'm much more familiar with them, but what's done is done. 

You'll find that I used Cypress for unit testing the second and third levels of this challenge. I realize now that I should have been using a different library altogether for unit testing, and that mangling an end-to-end testing library to perform unit tests was the wrong move. That being said, I think I made pretty good use of Cypress for unit tests! The code is well tested, and the tests I wrote give me confidence that the code I wrote works (though one test in level 3 does not pass, and that's where I finished the code challenge). 

All that is to say: there are things wrong with this code, and I don't want the person(s) reviewing this to assume I'm submitting it under the impression that it's perfect. But, I am not saying it's bad either. Hopefully we'll meet soon to talk it over. 